1) How memory is managed in python?
Memory management in Python involves a private heap containing all Python objects and data structures.
The management of this private heap is ensured internally by the Python memory manager.

2) What is the purpose continue statement in python?
A continue statement ends the current iteration of a loop. Program control is passed from the continue statement 
to the end of the loop body. A continue statement can only appear within the body of an iterative statement.
 
3) What are negative indexes and why are they used?
Negative indexing is used in Python to manipulate sequence objects such as lists, arrays, strings, etc.
Negative indexing retrieves elements from the end by providing negative numbers as sequence indexes.

B1.What is Python ,Name some of the features of Python.
--->Python is a dynamic, high-level, free open source, and interpreted programming language. 
It supports object-oriented programming as well as procedural-oriented programming. 
In Python, we don’t need to declare the type of variable because it is a dynamically typed language. 
For example, x = 10 Here, x can be anything such as String, int, etc.
1. Free and Open Source
2. Easy to code
3. Easy to Read
4. Object-Oriented Language
5. GUI Programming Support
6. High-Level Language
7. Large Community Support
8. Easy to Debug
9. Python is a Portable language
10. Python is an Integrated language

B3.Is python the right choice for Web based Programming? 
Python is a versatile language that can be used for a wide range of applications, including web development.
 It is a high-level language that can be used to write complex applications with minimal coding. 
Python's versatility also makes it ideal for developing machine learning models and scientific computing.

B4. Why was the language called as Python?
When he began implementing Python, Guido van Rossum was also reading the published scripts from “Monty Python's Flying Circus”, 
a BBC comedy series from the 1970s. Van Rossum thought he needed a name that was short, unique, and slightly mysterious, 
so he decided to call the language Python.

B6. What is the language from which Python has got its features or derived its features?
Python was conceived in the late 1980s by Guido van Rossum at Centrum Wiskunde & Informatica (CWI) in the Netherlands as 
a successor to the ABC programming language, which was inspired by SETL, capable of exception handling and interfacing with 
the Amoeba operating system.

B8. Does python support switch or case statement in Python?If not what is the reason for the same?
Unlike C++, Java, Ruby, and other programming languages, Python does not provide a switch case statement.In place of it, Python 
offers many workarounds such as a dictionary, Python lambda functions, or Python classes for the implementation of switch-case statements.
Because it emphasizes simplicity and readability. Instead, Python provides other constructs that achieve similar results while 
maintaining the language's design philosophy. 

B9. How Python is interpreted?
Python is an interpreted language, which means the source code of a Python program is converted into bytecode that is then
 executed by the Python virtual machine. Python is different from major compiled languages, such as C and C + +, as Python
 code is not required to be built and linked like code for these languages.

B12. How memory is managed in Python?
Memory management in Python involves a private heap containing all Python objects and data structures. 
The management of this private heap is ensured internally by the Python memory manager.

B13. What is namespace in Python?
Namespaces in Python. A namespace is a collection of currently defined symbolic names along with information about the 
object that each name references. You can think of a namespace as a dictionary in which the keys are the object names and the 
values are the objects themselves.

B14. What is the purpose continue statement in python?
Continue: The continue statement in Python is used to skip the remaining code inside a loop for the current iteration only.

4) What are the tools that help to find bugs or perform static analysis?
Pychecker and Pylint are the static analysis tools that help to find bugs in python. Pychecker is an opensource tool
 for static analysis that detects the bugs from source code and warns about the style and complexity of the bug.

5) What are Python decorators?
A decorator is a design pattern in Python that allows a user to add new functionality to an existing object without modifying its structure.

6) What is PEP 8?
PEP stands for Python Enhancement Proposal, and there are several of them. A PEP is a document that describes new features 
proposed for Python and documents aspects of Python, like design and style, for the community.